docs: Draft CHANGELOG for 0.9.2 release (#586)
ethersync/ethersync: CHANGELOG.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

# 0.9.2 (TODO: add date)

*Teamtype enables real-time peer-to-peer collaborative editing of local files using your own text editor or other tools.
For example, you can use it for pair programming sessions, brainstorming, or note-taking.
It's the missing real-time complement to Git and other version control systems!*

This release adds a couple of features and fixes some bugs.

> Special thanks to @caleb for putting in a lot of work behind the scenes to clean up various aspects of our code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special thanks to @alerque for putting in a lot of work behind the scenes to clean up various aspects of our code base.
```

Assuming this will mostly be seen on GitHub (or crates.io / docs.rs / etc.). If it is is some context without support for linking usernames in this namespace my first name is fine, but then it probably shouldn't be `@` mentioned.

Author: Good catch!

## Prevent files from being shared using a `.teamtypeignore`

We added support for `.teamtypeignore` files to exclude files and directories from synchronization.
The syntax is similar to `.gitignore`, supporting file names, directories, and glob patterns.

Note that Teamtype also ignores the files specified in `.gitignore` files.
But `.teamtypeignore` files allow a more flexible way of specifying on which files you want to collaborate.

## Enable a status bar in the Neovim plugin

The Neovim plugin now exposes a `require("teamtype").status()` function, which returns a string summarizing information about the connection status and about remote cursors.
You can configure your status bar to display that information.

For example, if you're using [Lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim), you can use a configuration snippet like this:

```lua
sections = {
    lualine_c = {
        {
            function()
                return require("teamtype").status()
            end,
        },
    },
}
```

> ## When Neovim plugin loses connection to daemon, make buffer read-only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When Neovim plugin loses its connection to the daemon, make buffers read-only
```
